hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
gonna answer the question what is the
best size for my audiences on Facebook
ads now I know why this is such a
confusion question because number one of
Facebook themselves has been changing
their stance on this a number of times
over the last few years and number two
every guru has a different answer and
when I do research under these people
sometimes it looks like they only have
one or two accounts they're basing their
learnings on what are the answers they
give are just completely outdated
because they don't actually work inside
a facebook ads every single day so the
answer I'm gonna give to you today has
been tested throughout hundreds of
Facebook ad accounts in multiple
industries and with a wide range of
budgets and for the purposes of this
video I'm gonna be concentrating on your
cold prospecting customer acquisition
campaign for the most part I do not
worry about my audience size and
retargeting campaigns with the exception
that I make sure that I have enough
budget going through them by carefully
evaluating the spend verse frequency
data and always making sure that my
frequency remains around a four in those
retargeting campaigns so what are the
best audience sizes for Facebook ads I
actually have two answers for you if
you're a brand that's new to Facebook or
you're spending under 8 km and I would
recommend that your audience sizes be
around 1 to 2 million frankly these are
pre scale budgets and if you're spending
under $8,000 per month on Facebook ads
then there's still an element of you
trying to figure out if Facebook ads are
actually viable for your business so if
you are spending under 8 km month on
Facebook ad I really do find the 1
million to two and a half million to be
the sweet spot and I think when you're
spending under eight thousand dollars a
month on Facebook ad and/or you're new
to the platform you're really gonna be
using a lot more of those look-alike
audiences particularly 1% look-alike
audiences which have audience sizes in
the realm of 2.4 million now my second
answer to this question is if you are
beginning to scale or you have bigger
budgets I really do recommend a audience
size that's above 4 million frankly when
you're spending this amount of money you
really need to give facebook enough
control so that I can actually find your
audience and because of that when I'm
working with a brand that's spending 10
K or more per month on ads I really am
looking for those audience sizes that
are 4 million or more sometimes up to 20
million and more but I really do find
that sweet spot to be around the 4
into 20 million for those bigger budgets
and sometimes even with a smaller budget
I'm finding that same success using the
bigger audiences as a rule if you are
spending below 1 million that is
definitely too low and if you're going
to scale you need to not only scale with
your budget but you also need to scale
with your audience sizes if you guys are
having trouble determining which
audiences to test I have a video below
that's gonna show you all of the
audience's that you need to test out on
your Facebook campaigns everything from
prospecting to retargeting so that you
can have a bulletproof strategy
throughout the entire funnel so that's
it that's my super simple easy answer if
you guys are utilizing audience sizes
that are below a million and you're
finding problems with your Facebook ads
definitely try to boost it up to at
least 1 million even 4 million so you
can just give Facebook free reign to
actually find people who are gonna buy
from you if you guys have any questions
feel free to hit me up in the comments
below ok thanks bye